# Smart-Weather-Forecasting-For-Agriculture-Optimization-By-using-multi-spectral-images-
Utilizing technology and accessible data to boost farm productivity and enhance the agricultural sector is the goal of the Smart Weather Prediction for Agricultural Enhancement. The goal is to create an intelligent prediction system that uses land, weather, and climate data. It will employ data analysis, machine learning, and deep learning techniques to produce precise weather forecasts. Data for the initiative is being gathered from satellites, remote sensing equipment, weather monitoring stations, and even personal weather stations that may be put on farms. Accurate weather prediction models and projected climate changes are produced by analyzing these data with artificial intelligence and contemporary methods. The primary goal is to provide farmers with access to precise and timely weather information, thereby enabling them to better manage their crops, reduce costs, and mitigate annual losses.
After seeing the many future research that mainly talks about climate change and its negative impact on crops and agricultural soil, which in turn has a negative impact on annual agricultural productivity. It also constituted a severe harm to the farmer due to the lack of productivity due to the severe damage caused by climate change to the productivity of his crops on his land, which in turn prompted him to increase the use of agricultural fertilizer on the land in order to keep up with the loss he suffered of money, goods, and crops, which in turn increased the money he suffered. He consumes it on fertilizer annually Therefore, after calculating the money to be paid and the value that he receives from growing and selling the crops, he saw that the return to him is not sufficient and does not match the money that was spent on the crops, fertilizer and seeds.
The vision of all these problems for the farmer and the agricultural land was an important factor in taking steps to reduce these problems one by one. The first effect he had was the basic problem, which is climate change, which was found in research to increase temperatures. 
It is expected to rise in many areas. An increase in intense warm seasons results from the combined effect of a shift in average temperatures and an increase in temperature variability. Isolated incidents of extremely high temperatures can cause serious damage to agricultural crops.
A sustained period of extreme high temperatures can be fatal, and temperatures are expected to rise between 2°C and 4.5°C during the current century . Impact of future climate There has been a change in crop production on a large scale
They were studied using crop models and climate change scenarios . Most of the above Research on the impact of climate change on the agricultural sector in Egypt uses two scenarios, i.e. a temperature rise of 1.5°C and a temperature rise of 3.6°C {(GCM results)} to project the impact until 2050.
 Using four basic factors of climate change, which in turn have a direct impact on agricultural crops and their productivity, which are (temperature, humidity, Pressure, and rain).
Using these four basic factors, future years are predicted for these four basic factors, which also sees the use of climate forecast models to determine expected trends in weather and climate in the long term, which enables adaptive and planning measures to be taken to reduce their impacts on agriculture and manage agricultural resources more effectively.
In addition, innovative agricultural techniques can be developed and adopted that help improve crop resistance to extreme climatic conditions such as high temperatures and water shortages. Investing in research and development to develop drought- and heat-resistant crop varieties can have a significant impact on increasing farmer productivity and improving agricultural sustainability.
The second basic factor was the agricultural soil, which represents a major challenge in the impact of productivity, as mentioned previously. The trend was to see its effect through high-spectrum images through satellites, from which six basic factors were extracted that have a direct impact on the agricultural soil, which increases the ability to improve productivity due to their interconnectedness. Strong weather factors.
In this research, several basic factors were studied to estimate the impact of climate change on agriculture. These factors include:
  * Remote Green Vegetation Index (NDVI): It is used to determine the green plant density in the studied area and reflects the plant growth and general health of plants.
  * Remote Cluster Green Water Index (NDWI): Used to measure water availability in plants and soil, which helps estimate the effects of water shortages on plants.
  * Salinity level: It reflects the level of salinity in the soil, which is an important factor affecting plant growth and productivity.
  * Green Distance Cluster Vegetation Index (GNDVI): Used to determine vegetation density based on the light reflectance’s of trees and green crops.
  * Green Vegetation Index (EVI): Measures plant health and biological activity, providing a comprehensive understanding of plant growth and environmental impacts.
  * Moisture level (MOISTURE): reflects the moisture content in the soil and air, and helps in estimating the water needs of plants and providing it effectively
These factors will provide a comprehensive framework for understanding how climate change will affect the agricultural environment and its productivity
By linking our ten factors and after conducting a direct classification process on some of the agricultural crops that were directly affected by climate change in terms of productivity and which led to damage, the agricultural soil will be compared after the process of predicting the climate and influencing factors. Agricultural soil will determine the appropriate crop for cultivation.
Based on what was surveyed, the result was determining the time to plant the most suitable agricultural crops, as the time and soil are appropriate for them, which will thus reduce the huge productivity loss to which they were exposed due to climate changes over many years.  
For this reason, a comprehensive study was undertaken that addresses the effects of these factors on agriculture and crops, as well as their use in identifying climate changes and developing innovative strategies to manage agricultural resources and enhance agricultural productivity in a sustainable manner.
